# bb_scripts
[I realized today that the only thing I have to fear is fear itself. Well that and forgetting to do any of the 504,301 things that you have to do to make a PCS happen.
I'm not sure what they do to you if you don't get every signature on the out-processing form signed, but I imagine it involves some serious jail time in a third world country that hasn't heard of toilet paper and fortifies their drinking water with extra giardia.
I keep having this recurring nightmare that we are walking down the ramp to the airplane and a heavily armed member of the polizei chases me down and pulls me out of line. When I ask what the problem is, he shakes his head and shows me my out-processing checklist where I forgot to get the signature from the central issue facility that is only open from 0900-0912 every other workday. The irony is that I don't even know what that is and am pretty sure it doesn't apply to me.
When I look up at my family they all have disappointed looks on their faces.  Jonah is sad, Noah judges me with his eyes, Elijah waives while inquiring how my day is going and Vienna asks if she can use my computer while I'm gone.  I realize that my mother-in-law is there when she turns and says "I always knew this would happen."  Then Harry Connick Jr. leads my beautiful wife Jennifer away into his private jet and consoling arms. Finally, they put extra-large handcuffs on me and lead me to an Air France flight on its way to Djibouti to begin serving my sentence.
Maybe I should worry. On the other hand, I hear Djibouti is really nice this time of year.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVMoLvMrC8E)
